AD support via chainrules (#177)
JuliaLinearAlgebra/LinearMaps.jl: docs/src/history.md

## What's new in v3.8

* Linear Maps are now differentiable w.r.t to the input via Chainrules for integration with

>   machine learning framewiorks such as [Flux.jl]. The reverse differentiation rule is definded such that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  machine learning frameworks such as [Flux.jl]. The reverse differentiation rule is definde such that
```
